1. Why JavaScript is used on websites? Is it used only on the front-end? 
JavaScript is used on websites, because it's client-sided. No, javascript can be used to write backend with Node.js.

2. What do JavaScript functions prompt, alert and confirm do? 
Prompt is a input popup which has ok and cancel buttons, alert is a popup with text which has only ok button, confirm is a popup with ok and cancel buttons.

3. Why is it preferred to include javascript and css code as separate files? 
It increases readability and let's you re-use same javascript/css files in separate html files.

4. What data types are in javascript? 
number, string, object, boolean, bigint, undefined, symbol


5. What’s the difference between == and ===? 
== compares only values while === looks at data-type and values.

6. What is the difference between undefined and null in JavaScript? 
null is assigned value, undefined usually means that variable has been declared but not defined.

7. How to get the type of variable? 
by using typeof operator 

8. How to convert number to string? string to number? 
To convert number to string we need to use toString(). 
To convert string to number we need to use parseInt().

9. What does "short-circuiting" mean in javascript context? 
It means that when we use short circuit evaluations i.e. && (and) or || (or) it evaluates the expression till the first needed value (false for && and true for ||)

10.What are "truthy" and "falsy" values?  
Those are values that always return true or false.
falsy values - false 0 '' "" null undefined NaN
everything else is considered truthy

11.How scope works in JavaScript? 
In javascript there are three types of scope - global, local and lexical. 
Global scope lets everything to use it's variables.
In local scope you can use global variables and ones defined in itself, but not lexical.
lexical scope is a scope in a local scope. Here you can use local scopes variables and ones defined in itself.

12.Explain variable “hoisting”. 
Variable hoisting is the use of variable before it was defined i.e.:
console.log(myVariable);

var myVariable = 'Hello';


13.What is "use strict"? What are the advantages and disadvantages to using it? 
use strict is a directive that doesn't let you to use undeclared variables.
advantages - it helps engines to optimize the code and run it faster.
Doesn't allow dublicate keys in objects.
Freezes the arguments of the function.
Eliminates silent errors and throws them as errors.
disadvantages - if you are in normal mode and using use-strict mode library, 
you can use some methods that are not allowed in strict mode, which in result will fail.
use-strict doesn't allow to use some of the javacript functionality.

14.What is the difference between function declaration and function expression? 
function declaration is 'stored for later' and will execute when called.
function expression is a function stored in a variable. 
declared function needs to have a name while expressed function will be called by name of the variable.

15.What does it mean "javascript functions are first-class"? 
It means what we can use functions as variables. I.e. we can pass function as an argument or store it in a variable.

16.How to declare a named function? An anonymous function? 
named function - function funcName() {}
anonymous function - function () {} or () => {}

17.What is a prototype? 
It's an object that is associated with every functions and objects by default. We can access and modify prototype properties.

18.What is a "closure"? How to create it? 
A closure is the combination of a function and the lexical environment within which that function was declared.
To create we need to create nested function and return it in it's parent function. I.e.
function makeAdder(x) {
  return function(y) {
    return x + y;
  };
}

19.What are "higher order functions"? 
Functions that operate on other functions, either by taking them as arguments or by returning them, are called higher-order functions.

20.What is event bubbling and capturing? 
Event bubbling is an event that runs events on clicked element, then on its ancestors.
Event capturing is an event that runs events from window element till clicked element (reverse of bubbling).

21.What is unit testing? How can it be beneficial? 
Unit testing is a testing method where individual units/ components of a software are tested. It helps to change/maintain the code.

22.Describe Test-driven development. 
TDD development is when test cases are created before the code is written.

23.Describe Behaviour-driven development. 
BDD development is development approach that has evolved from TDD. It differs by being written in shared language. In BDD tests are more user-focused and based on system's behavior

24.What is NodeJS? 
NodeJS is a JavaScript runtime environment(Framework) that executes JavaScript code outside a web browser usually used to develop server-side applications.

25.What are most popular uses of Node? 
Creating server-side applications or API's.

26.What is the difference between normal function and arrow function? 
normal function 'this' value is dynamice while in arrow function 'this' value is lexical (doesn't define its own execution context)
normal functions can be used as constructors while arrow functions can't
arguments are passed the same way as 'this' 
when arrow function contains only one expression you don't need to write return while in normal functions it will end in returning undefined

