1. What's the difference between a DOM object "attribute" and a "property"?
Attributes is what's written in HTML tag and properties is what's written in DOM object

2. What are advantages and disadvantages using libraries/frameworks in your project?
advantages: efficient - frameworks provide you with numerous pre-built functions/methods,
support - library or framework is usually provided with documentation

disadvantages: by using framework you are restricted by it's functionality,
frameworks/libraries are public and can be used to utilize it's flaws against you,


3. What is a LocalStorage and SessionStorage? How do they differ?
LocalStorage or SessionStorage is a client-side storage object that allows you to st ore string values in it.
While LocalStorage's saved values remains even when the browser is closed and opened again the SessionStorage's values gets cleared after the 
browser tab is closed. LocalStorage's object is bound to same origin which means data is shared with all tabs/pages/url's that share same origin while SessionStorage's object is bound
to it's browser tab. Both storages will contain same data as before even after page refresh.

4. What is CDN? Why is it useful?
CDN - content delivery server is a group of servers spread out over many locations.
These servers store duplicate copies of data so that servers can fulfill data requests based on which servers are closest to the respective end-users
CDNs are used widely for delivering stylesheets and Javascript files (static assets) of libraries like Bootstrap, jQuery etc.

5. Waiting for all data to load synchronously before being able to act makes UX (user
experience) terrible. What are the main technologies for asynchronous data loading?
AJAX, we can also use async await functions or .then();

6. What does XHR stand for? Why is it useful (or not)?
XMLHttpRequest, it's useful when you need to update a page without reloading it, need to send/get data from server.
Nowadays we can use fetch API instead which is easier to write and has more functionalities (for example no-cors mode)

7. What are the most common HTTP response codes? Which are related to a success and
which are related to a failure?
success:
200-success
failure:
400-bad request
404-not found
500-server side error

8. What are promises? How do they differ from callbacks?
Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.
A callback is a function that is to be executed after another function has finished executing
A key difference between the two is when using the callback approach, we’d normally just pass a callback into a function that would then get called upon completion
 in order to get the result of something. In promises, however, you attach callbacks on the returned promise object

9. Not all JS code can run on all browsers. What are polyfills? Can you create your own
polyfill?
polyfill is code that implements a feature on web browsers that do not support the feature. Yes you can.


